[Backport 3.6] Improve submodule error messages for Github archives (#9750)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: CMakeLists.txt

endif()

if (NOT EXISTS "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/framework/CMakeLists.txt")
    if (EXISTS "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/.git/")

>         message(FATAL_ERROR "${MBEDTLS_FRAMEWORK_DIR}/CMakeLists.txt not found (and does appear to be a git checkout). Run `git submodule update --init` from the source tree to fetch the submodule contents.")

Reviewer: I think for 3.6 this should be:
```suggestion
        message(FATAL_ERROR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/framework/CMakeLists.txt not found (and does appear to be a git checkout). Run `git submodule update --init` from the source tree to fetch the submodule contents.")
```
also line 290

Author: Resolved, thanks.
